Extensions:
Rachel Nash (rsn55) and Jessie Liu (jl2686)

1. Countdown
    There is a 3-2-1 countdown in the middle of the screen while the
    player waits for a ball serve the very first time.
    There is no wait period after the initial countdown because we
    decided it slowed players down too much.
    Done using a GLabel to display seconds remaining, which was calculated
    by keeping track of number of passed animation frames.
    Code can be found in helper method of breakout called _countdown.
    
2. Game Restart
    Instead of having to restart the game from command line, players can now
    press any key to start playing again after completion. Score will reset,
    but scores of previous tries are recorded. We remove the countdown to
    speed up play time.
    Done by setting the state to STATE_NEWGAME if a key is touched during
    STATE_COMPLETE. There can be up to 5 tries, after which the game will
    go to Level 2.
    
3. Keeping Score
    There is a Glabel at the top of the screen that records the number of
    bricks a player has hit during a single turn of the game.
    Done by tracking the length of the list of bricks.
    Can be found in breakout under helper method _updateScore.
    
4. Scoreboard (*this one's cool*)
    Since extension 'game restart' allows players to have up to 5 tries
    in a row, their previous and current score are stored in a dictionary
    that also lists the order. After completing a round, the previous scores
    are all listed in a scoreboard with different colors.
    Code can be found under breakout's helper method _complete.

5. Level 2 (*this one's super cool*)
    After playing 5 rounds of the game, players can press a key to continue
    to Level 2. Level 2 is the same except that 2 balls are served instead
    of one. The balls are slightly slower and one is slower than the other
    so that the player has the chance to hit them both after the serve.
    Both balls must go off screen to lose a try.
    If the faster ball goes off screen, the slower ball speeds up so that
    the game won't be too easy.
    After 5 rounds of Level 2, players can press a key to go back to Level 1.
    Code can be found in _updatesingleBall, serveball, and _checkLostBall in Play.
        

